hey whats up guys game by Chris here odd
today I have another another minecraft
video for you guys if you haven't seen
the last one you're gonna want to see
the last one first before you see this
one this one I'm going to show you guys
how to make them I had an idea actually
to make like a gun or something like a
can then something that moves because
I'm I'd like to do is how to make a
animated texture pack um so basically
i'm taking the animation texture pack
idea and I'm animating a gun so on
obviously this requires no mod since I'm
using actual minecraft files to do this
that are already there i'm just
tampering with those files and they're
just they're just picture finals PNG
files so it's not too much it's not
going to be hard I you're going to need
is game for photoshop for paint.net
whatever you want to use obviously if
you haven't seen the last video you're
gonna want to go watch that and if you
haven't seen any other ones you might
want to go watch those two because it's
going to give you a lot of information
so if you can't already tell what I'm
making in this is a plasma pistol from
halo I'm going to make it so it's fully
functional and actually fighters and it
looks pretty decent when it fires so um
this is just me showing you the inner
workings of it I do have this pack up
for download there will be a mediafire
link in the description of this forum
where you can download it and um yeah so
you can download that and it has of all
the information on how to put it in to
your actual minecraft if you want to use
it but for now I'm just showing you guys
how I actually made it so if you want to
kind of copy what I did or if you have
another idea of your own you can pretty
much do the same thing I do and it'll
come out right looking very nice so
first things first I took the animated
ones where you actually animate the bow
and I made there just to make sure it
would fit and then I draw dragged it up
to a drug drag it up i don't know i drag
it up to the to where the actual bow is
and then i just took out that bow that i
had there and i basically got the colors
added some stuff to it because i was
testing it out
craft at the same time to make sure
everything looked right now the inner
workings of it we're all right here's
where I turn change the actual arrow
into like a plasma blast whatever it
looks like this took quite a while for
me to actually do just because I wanted
to look right but there's actually a
problem they will look like that in your
inventory but when you actually shoot
them it'll still look like an arrow
that's actually will actual coding that
does that you're not going to be able to
do that unless you change some code and
put a mod in it um but for now that's
going to have to do is going to have to
look how it looks but other than that I
do actually make the plasma pistol able
to charge up with the animation um in
actual minecraft game so you'll see that
in a second when I come down here I just
copy the layers of what I already made
and I drag them right down to the
appropriate place where they belong on
top of the bow just so I know where my
placement is and I take out the bow of
course in the background or look is it
would look very bad and then I add how
the in the game the plasma pistol
actually charges up so I start to add
that in between the like energy receptor
things I don't know what it is but you
know in the game you lean it sideways
and charge it up you know that shoots um
the sound effects the sound effects of
that won't come is just be the look of
it'll still sound like a bow um because
you need a magic put the sound and
obviously but if you're just going for
looks um this is how to do it and
obviously there it is and then the last
thing you guys going to have to do
obviously this is the items fire file
which is in the PIAA are in the GUI in
the minecraft bin but you're going to
have to also edit the particle pack and
the particle pack is just in the bin you
scroll all the way down to the end of
the bin and it'll say particles that P&G
and this is how you actually change the
way it looks when it shoots um so
basically I just change all the
particles into it green I'm not sure
which ones is the actual ones that it
shoots some of these particles that I'm
actually editing are when you're under
the ground in the bedrock and you see
the particles that's what some of these
are that I accidentally edited
but the ones you think you actually have
to edit for it are the ones all the way
at the top which I edit last just to be
sure but you can play around with that
figure out which ones do and which ones
done if you figure it out please feel
free to put that in the comments and if
I see it I'll put it into the
description but for now I just did all
of them just to make sure and I made
them that nice green blue color so I
didn't really know what color to go with
for it either green blue purple all
those different colors on the actual
plasma pistol itself so I just kind of
mixed it up and mix all the colors
together and here I'm added editing the
top ones just real quick at last and
then I actually have footage of it to
show you guys that it actually looks
pretty cool actually works so guys I
think maybe posting some more of these
minecraft file file tutorials like this
I know you guys like dozin I know some
people don't and i'd like to share it
with you guys so here is the footage of
me actually using it you see it in my
hand and then it charges up gets bigger
shoots and it's just kind of cool to
have without needing a mod you just do
it yourself play around with it make
some different guns make some different
stuff you know it's really cool so if
you guys have any questions or want me
to make any more videos on anything else
leave it in the comments and I will be
sure to get to that but for now that is
if and yeah see you guys later see ya